so what percentage of keep all it do you
know that in time he could be learning
no I don't want very much I guess I'm
probably gaining I think the last month
by tree refunds totaling about $12 lost
revenue to me
yeah yeah anyway
information while of wax and wane here
shipping costs and all that
lost anything it's just I think what is
it great people that there are people
out there maybe just taken the course
and get the money back that's what I
would imagine that I don't think people
are out to take advantage of the
majority of course they're genuine the
you know they don't wanna be the one
thing you know you have a migraine and
you solve that problem for them
appreciate it appreciate that you know
this is you know my wife philomena
different I was talking to a friend of
ours and he he was he was he this
company and they create this device that
you put in your mouth and it stops your
husband's snoring the basic principle
and they made the move to the back of
your first the diaphragm then doesn't
grow in the mountains of snow so you
know that my wife she's like wow how
much he said
child $1 helms $3,250 yeah so I and
she's like I'm so i cant say thats you
know I've got to agree to that of course
but I'm not sure I want something else
as I'm sleeping at night time but the
point was the point is you know that
problem if if if you could if you could
solve that problem by nineteen it
doesn't matter to me why I get that $10
$50
I'd like to know what did you really buy
a gun and apparently dis ones like you
know fitted and it's met it's not you
don't know check check it out because
I'm sure there'll be some Chinese seles
yeah yeah she put it in my already sleep
she thinks if she could she would
definitely but the point is you know
what was interesting was i'm saying
they're looking at you know and he says
15 budget didn't even blink and eyes
she's like you know you know the end of
the day you know I can't sleep properly
if you keep waking you up to tell me I'm
small very insensitive about you know so
that's my complain
yes but the point is that when people
you know have a need and you meet the
refund is no because they just can be so
happy
$19 sellers with integrity so if you're
showing integrity when you sell a
product I think this will give you all
the money back
back if you don't like it I mean that
alone and warms up to you I think
anything just for my money back
yeah yeah yeah I think funnel is is
having that risk reversal yeah just
before top tip for people here always
place the risk reversal just before you
ask for the sale
yeah it's the last piece of the jigsaw
so you coming to funnel they know
everything there comes a point
places decision news I look to take a
risk I'm going to take the risk
yeah let's do this trade just tried you
money and that really helps you know
people take that extra step to go pick
up my yeah I'm going to wrap up now
anyways good I'm so happy though that I
can speak with you usually shipped in me
it was perfect timing I knew I would get
something out of it but I didn't I get
this so it was really a pleasure being I
can't wait to check out your now and
then I'm gonna start working on mine and
I'm gonna reach out to you what I've
done
yeah look forward to that now lol just
put that last time in the sidebar there
so if anyone put together from our
tonight
yeah I just say get on with it now I'll
get out there get started start with a
minimum viable product just to figure
out what you need to do in the
marketplace don't try your best seller
know yeah you know that'd be fun to be
on camera little bit you know I will be
I made a video I did you know I needed
20 videos I just want them to look a
little more
so I know I'm gonna work or not
yeah yeah it's you'd be surprised what
you can do have a look at some point of
green screen but a friend of mine we you
know I'll also put a link to the only
community in the side now the OV
community is a community I run for you
structures where we collaborate and help
each other and one of my friends are you
fully she she started a few months back
recourse to pee is back and she just
moved to green screen where she started
to see how professional looks now about
a few skills you recommend agreed not at
the beginning not be going to be
technically what is it beginning you
learning so much talking heads which is
what we're talking about here talking
heads
that's the most technically challenging
stuff still and the reason being is you
gotta lie sound sound gets really
difficult talking heads when you're
doing a screencast and you can use a
decent my and its next your mouth closer
to mike is about the sound is an autopsy
to place but when you talk to move to
Michael why this challenging the first
thing is just to get used to cram course
and then start doing the most moving
along and creating the better product
growing into a product you know every
course I create I want to improve on the
last time you just learn as you go along
and that's the best way to approach
rather than trying to go straight in a
really strong talking heads unless you
come from the best marketing meeting and
I'm sure we'll catch up against a thank
you very much
ok guys I'm going to switch off now
thank you for watching